[awsfirehose] Update documentation around restricted API key permissions (#11991)
elastic/integrations: packages/awsfirehose/_dev/build/docs/README.md

    2. **API key** should be a Base64 encoded Elastic API key, which can be created in Kibana by following the

>     instructions under API Keys. If you are using an API key with “Restrict privileges”, be sure to review the Indices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    instructions under API Keys. If you are using an API key with “Restricted privileges”, be sure to review the Indices
```

    privileges to provide at least "auto_configure" & "write" permissions for the indices you will be using with this
    delivery stream. By default, logs will be stored in `logs-awsfirehose-default` index and metrics will be stored in 

>     `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` index. Therefore, Elastic highly recommend giving `logs-awsfirehose-default` and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` index. Therefore, Elastic highly recommends giving `logs-awsfirehose-default` and `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` indices with "write" privileges. 
```

    7. **Parameters**

       1. Elastic recommends only setting the `es_datastream_name` parameter when ingesting logs that are not supported
       by this Firehose integration. If this parameter is not specified, data is sent to the `logs-awsfirehose-default`

>        data stream by default and the routing rules defined in this integration will be applied automatically.

Reviewer: It would be clear to either say the `logs-awsfirehose-default` as data stream or index. We are mixing this at multiple places.

Author: Yeah it's tricky. When creating API key, it's using index, but it's actually data stream we are specifying.

Author: I switched to index instead.
